[C++] Document the Stable ABI Compatibility Policy (#7)
mongodb/docs-cpp: source/api-abi-versioning/abi-versioning.txt

Per `CMake documentation <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/prop_tgt/SOVERSION.html>`__:

- For shared libraries ``VERSION`` and ``SOVERSION`` can be used to specify the build version and ABI version respectively. When building or installing appropriate symlinks are created if the platform supports symlinks and the linker supports so-names. If only one of both is specified the missing is assumed to have the same version number.

For purposes of ABI versioning, we distinguish between the *stable ABI* and the *unstable ABI*.

The ABI version number is bumped whenever there is a backward incompatible change to the stable ABI as defined below.

.. important::

   Only the stability of the stable ABI is communicated by the ABI version number. Backward (in)compatible changes to the unstable ABI are not communicated by the ABI version number.

.. note::

   The ABI versioning policy is only applicable to *shared libraries*. It does not apply to static libraries.

Binary Compatibility
--------------------

> An *ABI namespace* is declared within the library's root namespace (see `Source Compatibility <{+api+}/api-versioning#source-compatibility>`__), prefixed with the letter ``v`` and followed by either an integer or ``_noabi``.

Author: Where should this link go?

.. _cpp-abi-versioning-policy:

===============
ABI Versioning
===============

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference

The C++ Driver uses Ulrich Drepper's guide to *Defining Stability*, the Linux shared library "soname" convention, and the CMake ``SOVERSION`` target property for ABI versioning.

Per `Ulrich Drepper <https://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~sergey/cs258/ABI/UlrichDrepper-How-To-Write-Shared-Libraries.pdf>`__:

> - The definition of stability should therefore use the *documented* interface as the basis. Legitimate uses of interfaces should not be affected by changes in the implementation; using interfaces in an undefined way void the warranty. The same is true for using completely undocumented, internal symbols. Those must not be used at all.

Reviewer: This block should be a quote, not a list item.

Per `The Linux Documentation Project <https://tldp.org/HOWTO/Program-Library-HOWTO/shared-libraries.html>`__:

> - Every shared library has a special name called the ` ` soname''. The soname has the prefix ` ` lib'', the name of the library, the phrase ` ` .so'', followed by a period and a version number that is incremented whenever the interface changes (as a special exception, the lowest-level C libraries don't start with ` ` lib''). A fully-qualified soname includes as a prefix the directory it's in; on a working system a fully-qualified soname is simply a symbolic link to the shared library's ` ` real name''.

Reviewer: This block should be a quote, not a list item.

Per `CMake documentation <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/prop_tgt/SOVERSION.html>`__:

> - For shared libraries ``VERSION`` and ``SOVERSION`` can be used to specify the build version and ABI version respectively. When building or installing appropriate symlinks are created if the platform supports symlinks and the linker supports so-names. If only one of both is specified the missing is assumed to have the same version number.

Reviewer: This block should be a quote, not a list item.

.. important::

   The *behavior* of a stable ABI symbol is also part of the stable ABI. This is to ensure consistent and compatible runtime behavior between shared libraries with the same ABI version number. The behavior *must* be consistent with the documentation of one or more public API entities that uses the symbol (even indirectly) such that there is no observable change in public API behavior (within the scope of what is explicitly documented) across releases with the same ABI version number.

.. note::

   Some entities that are part of the public API may not be part of the stable ABI (e.g. inline functions, inline variables, and template instantiations of functions and variables). Conversely, some entities that are part of the stable ABI may not be part of the public API (e.g. an exported private member function). See :ref:`API Versioning <cpp-api-versioning-policy>`.

Build System Compatibility
--------------------------

The stable ABI policy concerning properties of the build system is mostly the

> same as that for the public API (see :ref:`API Build System Compatibility
> <cpp-api-build-sys-compat>` with the following differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same as that for the public API (see :ref:`API Build System Compatibility
<cpp-api-build-sys-compat>`) with the following differences:
```
Missing closing parenthesis.

- Instead of properties that directly impact the public API, properties that directly impact the stable ABI are considered part of the stable ABI.
- **The soname is considered part of the stable ABI**. This means, in contrast to the public API, ``BSONCXX_OUTPUT_NAME`` is considered part of the stable ABI, as it directly impacts the soname of the resulting bsoncxx shared library.
- The "soname" is not applicable on Windows. See :ref:`Shared Libraries (MSVC Only) <cpp-shared-lib-msvc>`.

.. note::

>    We support the the stability of the public API *per build configuration*. We
>    do not support compatibility of the public API *across* different build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We support the stability of the stable ABI *per build configuration*. We
   do not support compatibility of the stable ABI *across* different build
```
Fix wording (inherited from original PR).

   configurations. For example, a shared library generated with
   ``BSONCXX_OUTPUT_NAME=bsoncxx`` is not expected to be compatible with a
   program compiled against a stable ABI produced using a build configuration
   with ``BSONCXX_OUTPUT_NAME=bsoncxx-custom-basename``. (This is particularly
   important when using multi-config generators such as Visual Studio!)
   
.. _cpp-abi-root-namespace-redec:

Root Namespace Redeclarations
-----------------------------

The root namespace provides "redeclarations" of entities declared in an ABI namespace. The ABI namespace may differ across entities being redeclared.

For example, all of the following redeclarations may be present simultaneously:

- ``bsoncxx::example::foo`` -- ``bsoncxx::v_noabi::example::foo``
- ``bsoncxx::example::bar`` -- ``bsoncxx::v1::example::bar``

> - ``bsoncxx::example::baz`` -- ``bsoncxx::v2::example::baz``

Reviewer: These `--` should be arrows `->`.

These redeclaration upgrades are intended to support a clean transition away from deprecated, to-be-removed ABI symbols across releases.
Accordingly, users are encouraged to use the root namespace declarations by default to opt into these upgrades.
However, users may need to use explicit ABI namespace qualifiers when referencing C++ Driver entities in their own stable ABIs depending on their own stability policy.

The following compatibility table describes when the API major version number or ABI version number must be bumped due to an incompatible change:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 0
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Change Type
     - Source Compatible
     - Binary Compatible

   * - Add a new ``vB`` symbol
     - Yes
     - Yes

   * - Upgrade a redeclaration from ``vA`` to ``vB``
     - Maybe (1)
     - Yes

   * - Remove a ``vA`` symbol (from the public API)
     - No
     - Maybe (2)

   * - Remove a ``vA`` symbol (from the stable ABI)
     - Maybe (2)
     - No

- (1): A ``vB`` entity could be 100% source compatible with the ``vA`` API despite requiring use of a new, incompatible stable ABI symbol.

> - (2): A stable ABI symbol could be removed from the public API (e.g. via documentation or removal from public headers) while still providing an exported symbol definition for backward compatibility. This is probably unlikely to happen, but if it does, it would be a rare case where the source and binary incompatible changes can be split into separate releases.

Reviewer: These two list items are meant to be "footnotes". If there is a better way to implement this as a footnote, recommend applying it here.

Author: I played around with this, but we're pretty limited with formatting couldn't come up with anything better.

Reviewer: If the documentation generator is using ReStructuredText, it should support [inline footnotes](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#footnotes):

```rst
.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 0
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Change Type
     - Source Compatible
     - Binary Compatible

   * - Add a new ``vB`` symbol
     - Yes
     - Yes

   * - Upgrade a redeclaration from ``vA`` to ``vB``
     - Maybe [1]_
     - Yes

   * - Remove a ``vA`` symbol (from the public API)
     - No
     - Maybe [2]_

   * - Remove a ``vA`` symbol (from the stable ABI)
     - Maybe [2]_
     - No

.. [1] A ``vB`` entity could be 100% source compatible with the ``vA`` API despite requiring use of a new, incompatible stable ABI symbol.

.. [2] A stable ABI symbol could be removed from the public API (e.g. via documentation or removal from public headers) while still providing an exported symbol definition for backward compatibility. This is probably unlikely to happen, but if it does, it would be a rare case where the source and binary incompatible changes can be split into separate releases.
```

Per `Ulrich Drepper <https://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~sergey/cs258/ABI/UlrichDrepper-How-To-Write-Shared-Libraries.pdf>`__:

*The definition of stability should therefore use the documented interface as
the basis. Legitimate uses of interfaces should not be affected by changes in
the implementation; using interfaces in an undefined way void the warranty.
The same is true for using completely undocumented, internal symbols. Those
must not be used at all.*

Per `The Linux Documentation Project <https://tldp.org/HOWTO/Program-Library-HOWTO/shared-libraries.html>`__:

*Every shared library has a special name called the ` ` soname''. The soname
has the prefix ` ` lib'', the name of the library, the phrase ` ` .so'',
followed by a period and a version number that is incremented whenever the
interface changes (as a special exception, the lowest-level C libraries don't
start with ` ` lib''). A fully-qualified soname includes as a prefix the
directory it's in; on a working system a fully-qualified soname is simply a
symbolic link to the shared library's ` ` real name''.*

Per `CMake documentation <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/prop_tgt/SOVERSION.html>`__:

> *For shared libraries ``VERSION`` and ``SOVERSION`` can be used to specify the

Reviewer: `VERSION` and `SONAME` should be monospace.
